Add Alan company (#1569)
remoteintech/remote-jobs: company-profiles/alan.md

We have a CI/CD built with CirceCI. The CI runs the myriad of tests we have, both for backend and frontend. We don’t have full integration tests, where we test both the front and back at the same time.

We like to be straightforward and simple. That doesn’t mean we aren’t opened to new solutions/technologies. When engineers want to introduce a new technology, they open a written discussion about it; it’s like any decision making we do.

You can learn more about our technologies in our [product and technical blog](https://medium.com/alan).

## Office locations

As said earlier we are a remote-frst company but this does not mean we don't have offices/coworking spaces.

Our main office is located in Paris, France 🇫🇷 and we do have coworking spaces in other european cities:
- Annecy 🇫🇷
- Bordeaux 🇫🇷
- Lille 🇫🇷
- Lyon 🇫🇷
- Marseille 🇫🇷
- Montpellier 🇫🇷
- Nantes 🇫🇷
- Strasbourg 🇫🇷
- Toulouse 🇫🇷
- Tours 🇫🇷
- Barcelona 🇪🇸
- Madrid 🇪🇸
- Brussels 🇧🇪
- Gent 🇧🇪

## How to apply

> You'll find [here](https://jobs.lever.co/alan) all our current open positions.

Reviewer: A readability suggestion:

```suggestion
You'll find all of our current open positions [here](https://jobs.lever.co/alan).
```

# Alan

## Company blurb

> Our mission is to improve health of milions of people and become the number one healthcare partner in Europe

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our mission is to improve the health of millions of people and become the number one healthcare partner in Europe.
```

## Company size

500+

## Remote status

We are a remote-first company.

> You can discover more about our remote-first policy [here](https://medium.com/alan/working-at-alan-from-anywhere-9a6fe381dc0a)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can discover more about our remote-first policy [here](https://medium.com/alan/working-at-alan-from-anywhere-9a6fe381dc0a).
```

## Region

We are currently hiring from 8 countries accross Europe:
- France 🇫🇷
- Spain 🇪🇸
- Belgium 🇧🇪
- Sweden 🇸🇪
- Germany 🇩🇪
- Luxembourg 🇱🇺
- Ireland 🇮🇪

## Company technologies

> Our front-ends are in Javascript, React for web, React-Native for our mobile applications. We also pushing for Typescript. Our back-end is in Python/Flask. We use SQLAlchemy as our ORM. Our database is PostgreSQL. We also use Redis as a messaging system. We are deployed on AWS. All of our code is in two mono-repositories, and we deploy two applications, so no microservices here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our front-ends are in Javascript, React for web, React-Native for our mobile applications. We are also switching completely to Typescript. Our back-end is in Python/Flask. We use SQLAlchemy as our ORM. Our database is PostgreSQL. We also use Redis as a messaging system. We are deployed on AWS. All of our code is in two mono-repositories from which we deploy several applications, so no microservices here.
```

> Our front-ends are in Javascript, React for web, React-Native for our mobile applications. We are also switching completely to Typescript. Our back-end is in Python/Flask. We use SQLAlchemy as our ORM. Our database is PostgreSQL. We also use Redis as a messaging system. We are deployed on AWS. All of our code is in two mono-repositories from which we deploy several applications, so no microservices here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Our front-ends are in Typescript, React for web, React-Native for our mobile applications. We switched from Javascript a few months back. Our back-end is in Python/Flask. We use SQLAlchemy as our ORM. Our database is PostgreSQL. We also use Redis as a messaging system. We are deployed on AWS. All of our code is in two mono-repositories from which we deploy several applications, so no microservices here.
```
